[Lisa] Hello everyone, my name is Lisa Miller.
[Lisa] I am 25 years old.
[Lisa] I am from Germany.
[Lisa] I am a nurse.
[Lisa] I work in a big hospital in Berlin.
[Lisa] I help sick people and talk to doctors every day.
[Tom] Hi Lisa.
[Tom] I am Tom Wilson.
[Tom] I am 28 years old.
[Tom] I am from Canada.
[Tom] But now, I live in France.
[Tom] I am a chef.
[Tom] I work in a small French restaurant.
[Tom] I cook delicious food and bake fresh bread every morning.
[Ali] Hello, my name is Ali Hassan.
[Ali] I am 31 years old.
[Ali] I am from Egypt.
[Ali] I live in a sunny city near the sea.
[Ali] I am an IT specialist.
[Ali] I work at home in my office.
[Ali] I have a big desk and a very fast computer.
[Lisa] Ali, tell us about your home.
[Ali] I live in the city of Giza.
[Lisa] Do you live alone in your house?
[Ali] No, I do not.
[Ali] I live with my wife and our two children.
[Ali] We have a son and a daughter.
[Ali] We live in a modern house.
[Ali] It has three bedrooms, a big kitchen
[Ali] and a beautiful balcony with flowers.
[Tom] That sounds nice.
[Tom] Lisa, do you have brothers or sisters in Germany?
[Lisa] Yes, I have one brother.
[Lisa] His name is Hans.
[Lisa] He is a student at the university.
[Lisa] He lives in a small flat.
[Lisa] My parents live in a quiet village.
[Lisa] They have a garden, a cat and a big dog.
[Lisa] Tom, what about your family?
[Tom] My family lives in Canada.
[Tom] I have a sister.
[Tom] She is a doctor in a clinic.
[Tom] We are very close.
[Tom] We talk on the phone every weekend.
[Ali] Tom, tell us about your daily routine.
[Ali] You are a chef, so you are very busy.
[Tom] Yes, I get up very late at 11 o'clock.
[Tom] I have a big breakfast and drink juice.
[Tom] I go to the restaurant at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
[Tom] I work all evening and cook for many people.
[Tom] I come home at midnight.
[Tom] I am very tired, but I love my job.
[Lisa] My day is different.
[Lisa] I get up very early at 6 o'clock.
[Lisa] I drink green tea and eat toast.
[Lisa] I walk to the hospital.
[Lisa] I work for eight hours.
[Lisa] I help people and drink a lot of water.
[Ali] I get up at 8 o'clock.
[Ali] I help my children with breakfast.
[Ali] Then I work on my computer and write emails.
[Ali] At 1 o'clock, I have lunch with my family.
[Ali] In the afternoon, I go to the gym or walk in the park.
[Tom] What is your favorite food?
[Tom] Do you like to eat in restaurants?
[Lisa] I like healthy food.
[Lisa] I eat a lot of fruit, vegetables and chicken.
[Lisa] I drink water and orange juice.
[Lisa] I do not like fast food.
[Ali] I love traditional food from Egypt.
[Ali] I like rice, beans and meat.
[Ali] I also like very sweet coffee.
[Ali] My wife is a great cook.
[Tom] I love cheese and red wine.
[Tom] My favorite food is pasta with seafood.
[Tom] It is very tasty.
[Tom] I also like chocolate cake and tea.
[Lisa] What do you do for fun in your free time?
[Ali] I like sports.
[Ali] I play football with my friends on Saturdays.
[Ali] Sometimes I watch films with my wife in the evening.
[Tom] I love music.
[Tom] I go to concerts or listen to the radio.
[Tom] I also like to travel and see new cities.
[Lisa] I like books and photography.
[Lisa] I take many pictures of flowers and old buildings.
[Ali] It was great to talk to you.
[Ali] You are very interesting people.
[Tom] I agree.
[Tom] Have a nice evening, everyone.
[Lisa] Goodbye.
[Tom] See you soon.
[Ali] See you soon.